Remove version details and history from doc files (#22)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: docs/interact/programmability/lua-api.md

### <a name="redis.set_repl"></a> `redis.set_repl(x)`

* Available in scripts: yes
* Available in functions: no

**Note:**
this feature is only available when script effects replication is employed.
Calling it when using verbatim script replication will result in an error.

> As of Redis version 2.6.0, scripts were replicated verbatim, meaning that the scripts' source code was sent for execution by replicas and stored in the AOF.

Reviewer: Here, we should remove Redis version 2.6.0 and modify the statement properly.

An alternative replication mode allows replicating only the scripts' effects.

> As of Redis version 7.0, script replication is no longer supported, and the only replication mode available is script effects replication.

Reviewer: Same as above

### <a name="redis.set_repl"></a> `redis.set_repl(x)`

* Available in scripts: yes
* Available in functions: no

**Note:**
this feature is only available when script effects replication is employed.
Calling it when using verbatim script replication will result in an error.

> Verbatim script replication, meaning that the scripts' source code was sent for execution by replicas and stored in the AOF.

Reviewer: I think we should rephrase this part statement, Since Redis 7.0, verbatim replication is no longer supported, I think we do not need to mention verbatim replication anymore

> Scripts were replicated verbatim, meaning that the scripts' source code was sent for execution by replicas and stored in the AOF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verbatim script replication, meaning that the scripts' source code was sent for execution by replicas and stored in the AOF.
```

> ### <a name="redis.replicate_commands"></a> `redis.replicate_commands()`

Reviewer 2: Ideally just delete this, it's no longer supported.

### <a name="os-library"></a> _os_ library

> * Since version: 8.0.0

Reviewer 2: Probably keep this one?
